@yearn/agent8 (#73)
NethermindEth/Forta-Agents: Yearn-agents/PPSValues/README.md

# PPS Ambiguity Agent

## Description

> This agent ambiguity in PPS ( Price per share )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This agent detects abnormality in PPS (Price per share)
```

## Supported Chains

- Ethereum

## Alerts

Describe each of the type of alerts fired by this agent

- YEARN-8-1

  - Fired when pps value decreases.
  - Severity is always set to "high"
  - Type is always set to "info"
  - Metadata contains:

>   - `ppo`: Current Value of ppo,

Reviewer: what's `ppo`?

  - `tracker`: Older Value of ppo.

- YEARN-8-2

>   - Fired when pps value change swiftly.

Reviewer: could you define what is considered "swift change"
